CASMPET-5557 1.0 : Add Set_BMC_Management_Role to Add/Remove/Replace NCN procedure (#1431)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/node_management/Add_Remove_Replace_NCNs/Boot_NCN.md

    ...
    ```

### Set BMC Management Roles

> Follow the [Set BMC Management Roles](../../hardware_state_manager/Set_BMC_Management_Role.md) procedure. This will mark the added NCNs BMC with the `Management` role similar to the nodes, making BMCs that are associated with the management nodes easlier to identify. This step is needed before locking the BCM of the added NCN.

Reviewer: This procedure doesn't exist in the CSM 1.0 docs for some reason. Could you add it in your PR: https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/blob/release/1.2/operations/hardware_state_manager/Set_BMC_Management_Role.md ?

Author: will do

> Follow the [Set BMC Management Roles](../../hardware_state_manager/Set_BMC_Management_Role.md) procedure. This will mark the added NCNs BMC with the `Management` role similar to the nodes, making BMCs that are associated with the management nodes easlier to identify. This step is needed before locking the BCM of the added NCN.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the [Set BMC Management Roles](../../hardware_state_manager/Set_BMC_Management_Role.md) procedure. This will mark the added NCN's BMC with the `Management` role, making BMCs that are associated with the management nodes easier to identify. This step is needed before locking the BMC of the added NCN.
```
